Change note about okta/azuread scim being avail for enterprise (#2138)
buildkite/docs: pages/integrations/sso/okta.md

Using the SCIM provisioning settings in Okta, Buildkite customers on the [Enterprise](https://buildkite.com/pricing) plan can automatically remove user accounts from your Buildkite organization. In Okta this feature is called 'Deactivating' a user. You need an enabled Okta SSO Provider before you can set up SCIM.

>📘

> > User deprovisioning is an Enterprise only feature and is enabled automatically for non custom providers. If you are using a custom provider as an Enterprise customer please contact support@buildite.com to have this feature enabled.

Reviewer: How about re-arrange some words and linkify the custom provider? :)

```suggestion
> User deprovisioning is an Enterprise only feature and automatically enabled. If you are using a [custom provider](/docs/integrations/sso/custom-saml) as an Enterprise customer, please contact support@buildite.com to have this feature enabled.
```

[AZure AD integration](https://buildkite.com/docs/integrations/sso/azure-ad) would love to be included with this update too 🙌🏻 
https://github.com/buildkite/docs/blob/9975b995a6d502af2735e96eb064304d68de8846/pages/integrations/sso/azure_ad.md#configuration-instructions

Author: I love these changes. They look really sharp, thanks!

I didn't realize it was also on Azure AD, I'll add that one to the docket and update the PR! :slightly_smiling_face:
